tasks.md, before:

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/organization-nikoschalikias-blue.svg)](https://github.com/nikoschalikias) 
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/remote-cork--athens--june2022-green.svg)](https://github.com/nikoschalikias/cork-athens-june2022) 
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/local-F:\prj\travel\cork--athens--june2022-orange.svg)]() 


* [back to top](./README.md)

# tasks

- [x] 1. Contact NOB
- [x] 2. Ask for Annual leave
  - [x] Review Core --> 38 days, can take 28 days
  - [x] Update/Preview my paper calendar
  - 10 days 20 June to 1st July
  - 09 days 25 July to 5th August
  - 05 days 08 Aug to 12 Aug
  - 04 days 28 Aug to 31 Aug
  - 10 days leftover to transfer to new academic year
  - Map Annual leave to Academic year planner 
- [x] 3. Contact Froso, for Yaris insurance
- [ ] 4. Review Tax for Yaris
- [x] 5. Create packList 


----
- [x] 6. Order a PS/2 mouse adapter
- [x] 7. Review [USB to PS/2 adapter, how does this work?](https://www.edaboard.com/threads/usb-to-ps-2-adapter-how-does-this-work.386329/)
- [x] 8. Identify PS/2 mouses
  - [x] [erixx Perimice-209 P Wired PS2 Mouse](https://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/B07WV55HZD/?coliid=I3DB26ZYYV247F&colid=1II7O5H31KI7Z&ref_=gv_ov_lig_pi_dp&th=1) @ £12
  - [x] **best price** [Genius DX-110 mouse, optical, 1000 dpi, wired, PS2, black](https://www.amazon.co.uk/Genius-DX-110-mouse-optical-wired/dp/B01AVPEQCG/ref=sr_1_4?crid=1P34KYKYSR7BG&keywords=ps2+mouse&qid=1651737285&refinements=p_76%3A419158031&rnid=419157031&rps=1&sprefix=ps2+mouse%2Caps%2C51&sr=8-4) @ £6.85
  - [x] [Ποντίκι Microsoft Basic Optical Mouse for Business - 800 DPI - PS/2, USB - Black](https://www.cosmodata.gr/product/188406/) @ 11.30€ not available
  - [x] [Microsoft P58-00058 Basic Optical Mouse - White](https://www.amazon.co.uk/Microsoft-Basic-Optical-Mouse-White/dp/B009PDMN94/ref=sr_1_4?crid=1TFFWF3SR6NDI&keywords=Microsoft%2BBasic%2BOptical%2BMouse&qid=1651739915&sprefix=microsoft%2Bbasic%2Boptical%2Bmouse%2Caps%2C46&sr=8-4&th=1) @ £10.45, black £8.40
- [x] 9. Order **best price** PS/2 mouse

----

- [x] 10. Create a packList driven Box
  - [ ] add a 2nd box
- [x] 11. Review ΔΕΗ
    - [x] Pay 200 euro
    - [ ] Pay 50 euro
- [x] 12. Review tickets for 31 August ATH-ORK
    - Aegean ATH 08:25  AMS 11:10 174 EURO
    - KLM.....    AMS 15:50  ORK 16:40 87 EURO
- [x] 13. Measure casio piano and the large suitcase
    - Casio is too long for the suitcase
- [x] 14. Measure violin size
    - Violin case is OK for the blue suitcase 
- [ ] 15. Contact Proteas for basketball
- [ ] 16. make Paracord Orders list
- [ ] 17. make Passepartout materials list
- [x] 18. Review Amazon photo chemicals
    - Ilford Half litre bottles at 17 GBP, need 6 different, delivery in a week
    - Buy from Greece
- [ ] 19. Review photo chemicals can buy from Athens
- [x] 20. Check Jennys dates for annual leave
    - Last week of July and 1st week of August
- [ ] 21. Review the proccesss for my vodafone number to cosmote
- [x] 22. Review bank holidays for summer
    - Just 1 August
- [x] 23. Motor tax 
- [ ] 24. Collect orders from MTU
- [ ] 25. Yaris Athens insurance
    - Requested from Froso
- [x] 26. Review my Cosmote
    - Android app can't connect
    - Access to cosmote.gr works from browser
    - Updated card and paied 25 euro credit
    - reinstalled android app, still the same issue 
- [ ] 27.  Cosmote To activate This-->Πακέτο Απεριόριστα GB για 2 μήνες 25 euro

Commit message:

task  28. Bafi Parnitha book Thursday, 14 July 2022  CPMPLTE

tasks.md, after:

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/organization-nikoschalikias-blue.svg)](https://github.com/nikoschalikias) 
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/remote-cork--athens--june2022-green.svg)](https://github.com/nikoschalikias/cork-athens-june2022) 
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/local-F:\prj\travel\cork--athens--june2022-orange.svg)]() 


* [back to top](./README.md)

# tasks

- [x] 1. Contact NOB
- [x] 2. Ask for Annual leave
  - [x] Review Core --> 38 days, can take 28 days
  - [x] Update/Preview my paper calendar
  - 10 days 20 June to 1st July
  - 09 days 25 July to 5th August
  - 05 days 08 Aug to 12 Aug
  - 04 days 28 Aug to 31 Aug
  - 10 days leftover to transfer to new academic year
  - Map Annual leave to Academic year planner 
- [x] 3. Contact Froso, for Yaris insurance
- [ ] 4. Review Tax for Yaris
- [x] 5. Create packList 


----
- [x] 6. Order a PS/2 mouse adapter
- [x] 7. Review [USB to PS/2 adapter, how does this work?](https://www.edaboard.com/threads/usb-to-ps-2-adapter-how-does-this-work.386329/)
- [x] 8. Identify PS/2 mouses
  - [x] [erixx Perimice-209 P Wired PS2 Mouse](https://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/B07WV55HZD/?coliid=I3DB26ZYYV247F&colid=1II7O5H31KI7Z&ref_=gv_ov_lig_pi_dp&th=1) @ £12
  - [x] **best price** [Genius DX-110 mouse, optical, 1000 dpi, wired, PS2, black](https://www.amazon.co.uk/Genius-DX-110-mouse-optical-wired/dp/B01AVPEQCG/ref=sr_1_4?crid=1P34KYKYSR7BG&keywords=ps2+mouse&qid=1651737285&refinements=p_76%3A419158031&rnid=419157031&rps=1&sprefix=ps2+mouse%2Caps%2C51&sr=8-4) @ £6.85
  - [x] [Ποντίκι Microsoft Basic Optical Mouse for Business - 800 DPI - PS/2, USB - Black](https://www.cosmodata.gr/product/188406/) @ 11.30€ not available
  - [x] [Microsoft P58-00058 Basic Optical Mouse - White](https://www.amazon.co.uk/Microsoft-Basic-Optical-Mouse-White/dp/B009PDMN94/ref=sr_1_4?crid=1TFFWF3SR6NDI&keywords=Microsoft%2BBasic%2BOptical%2BMouse&qid=1651739915&sprefix=microsoft%2Bbasic%2Boptical%2Bmouse%2Caps%2C46&sr=8-4&th=1) @ £10.45, black £8.40
- [x] 9. Order **best price** PS/2 mouse

----

- [x] 10. Create a packList driven Box
  - [ ] add a 2nd box
- [x] 11. Review ΔΕΗ
    - [x] Pay 200 euro
    - [ ] Pay 50 euro
- [x] 12. Review tickets for 31 August ATH-ORK
    - Aegean ATH 08:25  AMS 11:10 174 EURO
    - KLM.....    AMS 15:50  ORK 16:40 87 EURO
- [x] 13. Measure casio piano and the large suitcase
    - Casio is too long for the suitcase
- [x] 14. Measure violin size
    - Violin case is OK for the blue suitcase 
- [ ] 15. Contact Proteas for basketball
- [ ] 16. make Paracord Orders list
- [ ] 17. make Passepartout materials list
- [x] 18. Review Amazon photo chemicals
    - Ilford Half litre bottles at 17 GBP, need 6 different, delivery in a week
    - Buy from Greece
- [ ] 19. Review photo chemicals can buy from Athens
- [x] 20. Check Jennys dates for annual leave
    - Last week of July and 1st week of August
- [ ] 21. Review the proccesss for my vodafone number to cosmote
- [x] 22. Review bank holidays for summer
    - Just 1 August
- [x] 23. Motor tax 
- [ ] 24. Collect orders from MTU
- [ ] 25. Yaris Athens insurance
    - Requested from Froso
- [x] 26. Review my Cosmote
    - Android app can't connect
    - Access to cosmote.gr works from browser
    - Updated card and paied 25 euro credit
    - reinstalled android app, still the same issue 
- [ ] 27.  Cosmote To activate This-->Πακέτο Απεριόριστα GB για 2 μήνες 25 euro 
- [x] 28. Bafi Parnitha book Thursday, 14 July 2022
